develop: optimize overview and spring boot (#8637)
pingcap/docs: develop/dev-guide-sample-application-spring-boot.md

  --data-urlencode 'price=100'
```

> The request uses **Form Data** as the payload. The example request indicated that the seller's ID (`sellID`) is 1, the buyer's ID (`buyID`) is 2, the number of goods purchased (`amount`) is 10, and the number of coins consumed for purchase (`price`) is 100.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The request uses **Form Data** as the payload. The example request indicates that the seller's ID (`sellID`) is 1, the buyer's ID (`buyID`) is 2, the number of goods purchased (`amount`) is 10, and the number of coins consumed for purchase (`price`) is 100.
```

The return value is whether the transaction is successful or not. When there are insufficient goods for the seller, insufficient coins for the buyer, or a database error, the [database transaction](/develop/dev-guide-transaction-overview.md) guarantees that the trade is not successful and no player's coins or goods are lost.

```json
true
```

> ### Step 6.3 Request with Shell script

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Step 6.3 Requests with Shell script
```

You can download [this shell script](https://github.com/pingcap-inc/tidb-example-java/blob/main/spring-jpa-hibernate/request.sh) for testing purposes. The script performs the following operations:

1. Create 10 players in a loop.
2. Get the information of players with the `id` of 1.
3. Get a list of up to 3 players.
4. Get a page of players with the `index` of 0 and the `size` of 2.
5. Get the total number of players.
6. Perform a transaction, where the player with the `id` of 1 is the seller and the player with the `id` of 2 is the buyer, and 10 `goods` are purchased at the cost of 100 `coins`.

> You can run this script with `make request` or `./request.sh` command. The result should look like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can run this script with `make request` or `./request.sh`. The result should look like this:
```

      ddl-auto: create-drop
```

The configuration is written in [YAML](https://yaml.org/). The fields are described as follows:

- `spring.datasource.url` : URL of the database connection.

> - `spring.datasource.url` : the database username.

Reviewer: 参数错了。猜测应该是 spring.datasource.username 吧？

Author: 是的，nice catch

> - `spring.datasource.url` : the database username.

Author: ```suggestion
- `spring.datasource.username` : the database username.
```

}
```

The `@Service` annotation is used to declare that the lifecycle of this object is managed by `Spring`.

> The `PlayerServiceImpl` implementation class also has a [`@Transactional`](https://docs.spring.io/spring-framework/docs/current/reference/html/data-access.html#transaction-declarative-annotations) annotation in addition to the `@Service` annotation. When transaction management is enabled in the application (which can be turned on using [`@EnableTransactionManagement`](https://docs.spring.io/spring-framework/docs/current/javadoc-api/org/springframework/transaction/annotation/EnableTransactionManagement.html), but is turned on by default by `Spring Boot` and does not need to be configured manually again), `Spring` automatically wraps all objects with the `@Transactional` annotation in a proxy and uses this proxy for object invocation processing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `PlayerServiceImpl` implementation class also has a [`@Transactional`](https://docs.spring.io/spring-framework/docs/current/reference/html/data-access.html#transaction-declarative-annotations) annotation in addition to the `@Service` annotation. When transaction management is enabled in the application (which can be turned on using [`@EnableTransactionManagement`](https://docs.spring.io/spring-framework/docs/current/javadoc-api/org/springframework/transaction/annotation/EnableTransactionManagement.html), but is turned on by default by `Spring Boot`. You don not need to manually configure it.), `Spring` automatically wraps all objects with the `@Transactional` annotation in a proxy and uses this proxy for object invocation processing.
```
